# original problem statement

17 projections are listed in the excel sheet.
Go through the sites given in the excel sheet.
If you find too many classes, just take two classes and exclude the others.

Apply Bayes' classifier using:
1 ML estimation
2 Bayesian estimation
3 EM algorithm
4 Kernel-based method
5 K nearest neighbor estimatition

and apply perceptron learning algorithm. (Stop criteria would be two or three passes of data.)

-----

# ML estimation

make_type_list.py
Generates a list of activities of a specific type. (Which type? That should be mentioned in the script.)

study_type_list.py
Generates a prediction of success for one characteristic of the activity type analyzed by the previous script.

repeat_type_study.sh
Executes the first script once and the second multiple times, until a prediction for all characteristics of the activity type is made.

outputs:
type 1 char 1.txt
type 1 char 2.txt
type 1 char 3.txt
type 1 char 4.txt
type 1 char 5.txt
type 1 char 6.txt
type 1 char 7.txt
type 1 char 8.txt
type 1 char 9.txt
type 2.txt
type 3.txt
type 4.txt
type 5.txt
type 6.txt
type 7.txt

assign_classes.py
Reads the predictions generated by the previous script, and assigns the classes accordingly.

output:
MLE.csv

# EM Algorithm 

EM_algo.py
Generates the GMM for the 2 given classes . (No. of gaussian PDFs to be used in GMM : to be mentioned in the script )
Based on GMM model obtained from EM algorithm and Bayes Classifier , it classifies the given test data into the two given classes .

output:
predictions_usingEM.csv : The predictions on the test data obtained from EM algorithm after certain iterations .(approximated EM Model)

Problems faced : The data is not independent implying dimensionality reduction is to be done using some algorithm like PCA . Direct use of training data resulted in singular covariance matrices in Gaussian PDF making it impossible for the EM Algorithm to converge . 
